whats up guys its grudge Bob here we
were back once again it's been a while
since I've been never found a video I
was going to try to do it last Wednesday
but school kind of mess everything up
but I got some video last week and so I
have some video to record off of or to
use those GTA let me go ahead and say
that before we get the commentary it's
pretty fun I was sitting there watching
the video when I was putting them all
together and I was laughing so hard at
what we were doing some of the stuff but
yeah I hope you guys have fun watching
that if you want to and let's get into
topic so the water prank which has
gotten up their interviews it's probably
about two I don't know it's it's got a
lot of use more than 200,000 which is
amazing and I want to thank you God but
a lot of people are like where's the
reaction um there's a few reasons while
I couldn't get a reaction there was a
reaction that I got that I would tell
you but it wasn't them talking I was
just a payback but I kind of stopped
them from doing it before they did it so
the reason I didn't wasn't able to
record a reaction was because um was
because I don't run the world my friend
Colin runs the world he hosts the world
so sometimes i'm not on and they're on
so that means that that's why when we
were playing and doing that they weren't
on because Colin post so he was hosting
it and I wasn't around the current world
that were on at the time I'm hosting it
so whenever someone wants to play like
yo and you host the world dog and I say
oh show so um that's why I couldn't get
a reaction uh I went in the world the
other day with my friend cuz they were
all there just seeing all the crappy
stuff we were just looking at all the
crappy stuff they had built um like box
houses and everything which is
ridiculous because now we have like a
certain type of house that we build
enough i'll show you that's it how how
we did that maybe I'll do a videos tune
of us oh well but um yeah it the houses
were ridiculous so we're just going to
look back and the world are we play now
is one hundred percent
shit everything is mind everything you
know you have to be jit in order to play
on there there's no duplicating but so
that's why I couldn't get a reaction and
everything has already been cleaned up
so I met I know everyone has already
seen that how their houses and
everything but the one reaction that i
did get now let me tell you why I did
wasn't able to record it um my HD PVR
hat runs through a different component
cable so it can be hooked up to my xbox
in my TV but I gotta restart my xbox and
in order to turn it on uh so I got on
the world and Colin was letting his
brother which is one of the witches name
who's name is avery he was letting him
play so he uh he he SAT there and he got
on the world he just got real quiet and
I was like God but I know if I if I turn
it off in order to restart it to get my
HD DVR on my house is gonna be messed up
cuz he had duplicated a bunch of
obsidian he was just about to to fill my
house with it so I stood there and he
started coming over my house fell in my
house with obsidian and I would kill him
and then he just started going all to
everyone else's house and started
filling it with obsidian I know he
filled my friends house would complete
obsidian to the brim and we just I know
he cleaned it up like that same day but
still it was a lot of mining um but yeah
I uh that's the reason that I didn't get
a reaction that's kind of the reaction
that I got was he just got really mad
and and just filled my house with
obsidian everyone else kind of didn't
really care because it wasn't that much
of a clean up to me because all you had
to do was just place a block where the
the water source was because we didn't
fill every block in the house with water
we just did like every three replace the
water block every three we'd place a
waterpot block so yeah guys I'm gonna
let the grint the thought oh um video
play in the background some more so you
guys just watch that have fun it's real
inch um it's real funny I got there
laughing when I was adding it but I
already editing it but I already said
that yeah guys telling you peace out
have a good day um and if you have any
more topics that I can talk about like I
like it's kind of hard for me to come up
with them just you know put them in the
and the
the comments and maybe i'll talk about
it or maybe I'll just go looking for
other things talk about yeah guys
subscription sign out peace
I can you shoot me